ROLE AS AN PROGRAMMING INTERN AT NHDC LIMITED

In my role at NHDC Limited, I am actively engaged in various aspects of SAP implementation 
and IT collaboration. Specifically, I contribute significantly to the Contracts and Procurement 
module, where I manage vendor contracts, optimize procurement processes, and ensure 
efficient inventory management using the SAP Material Management (MM) module. This 
involvement helps streamline our purchasing operations and enhances vendor relationships, 
ultimately supporting the organization's goals of cost efficiency and operational excellence. 

Furthermore, I collaborate closely with the IT team to maintain and improve the SAP finance 
package. This includes participating in system maintenance, upgrades, and issue resolution to 
ensure the integrity and reliability of our financial systems. By leveraging my SAP expertise 
and working in tandem with IT professionals, I contribute to enhancing the overall efficiency 
and effectiveness of our finance operations. 

Additionally, I play a pivotal role in project intranet site development, focusing on creating 
user-friendly and informative platforms for internal communication and collaboration among 
project teams. This involves gathering requirements, designing, and implementing intranet 
solutions that facilitate seamless information sharing and project management within the 
organization. 

Overall, my responsibilities underscore my dedication to leveraging technology to drive 
organizational success and support NHDC's mission in sustainable energy development. By 
integrating SAP functionalities and fostering IT collaboration, I contribute to optimizing 
processes, enhancing transparency, and fostering innovation within the company